fix creating files in ZE virtual workspace (#4426)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes

> - Fix an issue where creating or writing to a file from a Zowe Explorer virtual workspace would fail. [#4426](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/4426)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where creating or writing to a file from a Zowe Explorer virtual workspace would fail. [#4426](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/4426)
```

> - Fixed an issue where creating or writing to a file from a Zowe Explorer virtual workspace would fail. [#4426](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/4426)

Reviewer 2: Please feel free to correct me if I'm missing some context, but the issue seems to be specific to files created through virtual workspaces, correct? It's not happening for all files created or written to with ZE.

```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where creating a new file in a Zowe Explorer virtual workspace would silently fail, causing write operations to fail on that file as a result. [#4426](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/4426)
```
